Not good, not good
President, all the cleaners in our development group
All resigned
Change company
I can't change it, I've asked
All the cleaners in the city are signed up to the same company
It's a company called Jerrobogie.
Don't meet the boss with me
You've talked about the wages of the cleaners
So unpromising and still want to be my grandson-in-law
Dad, I already told you
Let the two siblings of Wang be worse than the other
discerning
You lowly woman
Why is it here again?
Mr. Yan
This time, the Silver Group invited me here.
Are you crazy?
We are waiting for the president of Jierou Cleaning Company
Who would invite you here, you stinky elf
The security guard kicked him out
Hello Mr. Yan
I'm the president of holiday cleaning.
I'm here, please ask where you are, I'm here.